you
[Music]
Kanon guess which talk-show host
started out as one of the hee haw honeys
who plenty of variety shows in the 1970s
and 1980s but none brought people
together quite like hee ho jokes were
corny the music was country and it
didn't exactly break new ground in terms
of subject matter but that's what people
loved about the show and TV was turning
more controversial he whole remain
wholesome drugs him millions of viewers
every week you're watching how they
change and let's take a look back on
these factoids about hee ho the best
shows south of the mason-dixon line the
show was created by Canadians she would
never suspect a show sat in the rural
South would be created by to upscale
writers from Canada but that's exactly
what happened with hee ho Jon Ellsworth
and Frank appeared both grew up in
Canada and had never even visited the
South when they created the show in 1969
after looking at the ratings for the
Beverly Hillbillies enough in the
writing duo decided to join the trend
and create a show based on this thought
we wondered what kind of sure would
combine both elements it was canceled
despite being a huge hit hee ho aired
its first two seasons on CBS and was a
massive ratings hit
despite this the network made a choice
to get rid of any show airing like it
because of this decision Beverly
Hillbillies and Mayberry RFD were
cancelled along with it knowing the show
was wildly popular Ellsworth and Pappy
ed worked quickly to find a new home for
it they cut a deal to syndicate the show
and became more popular than it had been
on CBS airing its last show in 1997
speaking of its final episode ratings
were huge for the hee haw final when he
ho finally went off the air in 1997 the
final episode pulled in 3.5 million
views in over 140 syndicated markets
that huge number would make most cable
shows drew today and networks like MC
and FX are happy when their shows crack
1 million viewers of course that 3.5
million wasn't huge at the time Network
show still needed to hold in 10 million
or more viewers to be considered a
success nowadays a show like the good
play stays in good standing with a
little over 2 million viewers weekly Roy
Clark hosted a different show with Buck
Owens first before hee ho ever aired a
single episode
Hoff's Roy Clark and Buck Owen were
already a proven hosting tandem the pair
worked together on the swinging country
variety show in the mid sixties before
being approached to host another show
together
sadly Roy Clark passed away in 2013 he
was 85 years old and became ill with
pneumonia his reputation as a variety
show host and country music superstar
who believed everything had to be a pal
love will help his legacy live on for
years to come the best moments never
aired some of the funniest things that
happened while filming hee ho never made
it to air in one incident Archie
Campbell's to pee fell off audience had
no idea he will one and were absolutely
shocked and stunned the moment and
planned was left on the cutting room
floor the same thing happened with
comedian Junior samples famous for his
slow talking delivery style
he was caught snoring on stage after
falling asleep by some lucky cameraman
the moment stayed locked behind closed
doors both incidences have been
confirmed by The Associated Press
it gave country music fans at home
before CMT and MTV existed there weren't
many options for fans of country music
to get their fix when MTV came around in
the 80s he didn't play a lot of this
tunes either he hoe and it being the
only place country fans could hear their
favorite songs one of the reasons he has
still so popular today is how much
country music is a net that you wouldn't
be able to hear otherwise the live
performances by the country's best stars
even outshine the juveniles catches most
of the time one President was a big fan
in 1988 President George Bush admitted
to being a big fan of the show the
comment came during an interview with
Maureen Dowd of the New York Times asked
what TV shows he watched Bush said I
tell you he hoe but you wouldn't believe
it and it's not on anymore anyway if
Bush had checked his TV Guide he would
have been surprised to see the program
was still on the air and going strong we
guess he was too busy with other more
important things he held firm twice a
year because there were so many
scheduling conflicts with guests because
of upcoming tools and shirts
he Howe was forced to film only twice a
year the cast and crew taped everything
in a short amount of time with several
major acts on standby if you don't
remember the first few episodes included
high-profile acts Conway Twitty Merle
Haggard Beretta lien and Charlie pride
just imagine all those huge stars being
forced to wait backstage together for
their moment to film a sketch or perform
their song Roy Clark wrote a song about
being canceled when he ho was cancelled
it was part of what is now called the
rural purge CBS gave the x2 several
similar shows to change its image one of
the shows that found a new home along
with hee-ho was the Lawrence Welk Show
because both shows came back from the
for a clock celebrated by writing the
song the Lawrence Welk eho
counter-revolution polka the song title
might be mouthful but it proved
incredible popular became in the top ten
of billboards country music chart
Elvis wanted to be a guest George Bush
wasn't the only influential person who
opened he loved hee-ho Elvis Presley was
also big fan of the show he loved it so
much he reportedly was desperate to be a
guest star that dream sadly never became
a reality
although Presley was romantically linked
to to hee haw honeys
hee ho did find a way to pay tribute to
the king after his death Roy Clark had
pressed his father come on to fulfill
his son's lost dream a spin-off was
short-lived
he hoped proved to be so popular that
produces wanted more and commissioned a
spin-off series called hee haw honeys
the show debuted in 1978 and starred
miss taro Lulu Roman and others playing
a family who owned a truck stop in 1979
the show was canceled and never found a
second home when TV Guide ranked the
worst shows a full-time hee-ho Hani's
placed 10th there is a reason we don't
hear much about the maligned program
today Kathie Lee G Ford could have
starred on hee haw honeys
the most part hee ho Hani's was a
complete failure the show took a popular
aspect of hee ho and tried to create
something new and familiar at the same
time it might not have worked but it did
provide the world a first look at Kathie
Lee jihad jihad became a household name
in 1988 when Live with Regis and Kathie
Lee the booted she hosted the show for
12 years before moving on to new
projects in 2000 since 2008 she has been
a co-host on today with Hoda coat
[Music]
it inspired a Broadway musical moonshine
that he whole musical debuted in Dallas
in 2015 the show featured Broadway
performers including American Idol
runner-up Justin Guarini it's set in
modern day corn fill County and is
described as a musical comedy produces
hope the show will eventually move from
Dallas to New York variety was able to
see a pre Broadway version of the music
and wasn't very impressed
this hyperactive hodgepodge is more
likely to do most of its ground pleasing
far from the Great White Way
never forget critics hated hee ho when
it came out to Buck Owens did the show
for selfish reasons Hosting hee ho with
Roy Clark was a very lucrative gig for
Buck Owens in money it turns out was too
good to pass up I went hated the show
but enjoyed only having to work on it
twice a year in his biography he wrote I
couldn't justify turning down the big
paycheck for just a few weeks work twice
a year so I kept selling my soul to that
cartoon donkey and it's all for now
smash that like button and don't forget
to subscribe
take care friends